README.md, before:

# Spiking-Whiskers-A-Spiking-neural-Model-for-tactile-perception

## Aknowledgement

This code takes value from a dataset in matlab format, provided by my supervisor and builts a point cloud It was soley developed by me for the purpose of the dissertation. I would like o thank my Supervisor Dr. Martin Pearson to answer even basic questions and keep me motivated for this project. 

## The snn simulator
This simulator (now i will call it snn simulator because it functions something like them but very basic version) can take any dataset of the format that was described in 2 Readme files also given in the dissertation at appendix.

This project actually has two more files which I could have included but I thought that it would be better to show this code and highlight difference between them so you can also use this file to get same results. However, results may vary. For 500Hz change all dt= 1/1000 to dt=1/10000 and follow the changes suggested in the code itself. For making an impression of the object only change you have to make is in Last section "Point Cloud Animation". to make the process fast i have also suggested not run certain cells. So, please read the comments in cell carefully. 


The main branch will be kept untouched for assesment, however, I will be working on this project on my own on a parallel branch.
Furthermore, videos and photos recieved from the model to be assesed will be uploaded later (after the deadline) but it will show the same attributes to every image that is mentioned in the dissertation report itself.

Commit message:

finalising readme file
added animation of turn table, elevation and individual whisker stimulation

README.md, after:

# Spiking-Whiskers-A-Spiking-neural-Model-for-tactile-perception

## Introduction

This project aims to make a neuromorphic simulation of a Spiking Neural Network for [whisk-eye robot](https://lcas.lincoln.ac.uk/wp/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/p2.11-TAROS2021paper65.pdf). This network utilizes data obtained from 24 Artificial whiskers housed on head space of Whisk-eye robot. This network is used to produce an ego-centric point based cloud of the environment based on tactile sensory information.

Further different animation related to this project is shown.

## 360 table turn view and view with different animation of all the active neurons
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50763982/136322154-2aff6bc8-d049-4cbb-ad8e-85b1b1ea3949.mp4




https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50763982/136322277-6d02c8e5-1a98-447c-b0c7-fcd7a12216bb.mp4

## Point cloud animation when idividual whiskers are simulated 



https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50763982/136322361-7299c759-e729-4fa6-b181-3aa45672ee76.mp4

The duration for this simulation is 2.2 seconds however all data points are not shown in this animation due to computational limitations.
